Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. Great. Hi there.
Christy Lamkin: Hi.
Serenna Beers: How are you today.
Serenna Beers: I'm good. Good. Okay, so my name is Serena. I'm one of the therapist at bright health and I'm going to check. Well, I've got you on the phone. I think I might be your therapist and I just want to make sure, because I sometimes do
Serenna Beers: Bio Sykes that aren't my clients. And so I just want to double check if you don't mind.
Know,
Serenna Beers: So that way I know if we need to, you know, schedule additional sessions or anything like that.
Serenna Beers: I apologize. I didn't look prior to this, I was on a another appointment call so
Christy Lamkin: That's
Serenna Beers: Okay, yep. I'm your therapist, so
Serenna Beers: Hey, um, alright. So after we do the bio psychosocial you and I can discuss when it is that you wanna
Serenna Beers: Week and then set up a time for us to meet again.
Serenna Beers: And and i don't know if you're in on any sort of probation or your court ordered at all.
Christy Lamkin: No, this is for pain.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so this is pain management. So even if we get on like a once every couple of weeks, or if you've got some
Serenna Beers: Things that you want to work on. I can also see you once a week. I'm just going to kind of we'll, we'll see what you want to do after we get through these questions. Does that sound like a plan.
Serenna Beers: Yep. Okay. Perfect. So tell me, what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Christy Lamkin: My doctor, I was on oxycodone for 10 years I have multiple sclerosis.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Christy Lamkin: Okay, my doctor, I was on oxy coat ons for 10 years they weren't really helping so much so they had to keep hiring my dose. So she suggested to go on the Suboxone
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Tell me your history with chronic pain like like when, when did it start how how how how far back. Were you got diagnosed
Christy Lamkin: I was diagnosed almost 10 years ago.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And
Christy Lamkin: I had a
Christy Lamkin: A minor stroke.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Christy Lamkin: And they were doing a bunch of MRIs, and then they found the
Christy Lamkin: When they were doing the MRIs, they found my dots in my head and figured I had MS.
Serenna Beers: Oh wow, and how are you managing with that is it much better with this box on, I assume.
Christy Lamkin: I can work a little better. Yeah, but I still have a caregiver and stuff.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Wow.
Serenna Beers: Um, let's see.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me your story. Have you ever had any issues with substances or mental health.
Serenna Beers: Nope, okay. Um, it's just basically it's just chronic, chronic pain. And I don't mean like it's just chronic, chronic pain I'm
Serenna Beers: Like it's no big deal.
Serenna Beers: I mean, like, that's what you guys
Christy Lamkin: That's what I'm here for you.
Serenna Beers: All right. Do you have a history of suicidal ideation at all or homicidal ideation. You never cut yourself or anything like that.
Oh,
Serenna Beers: Let's see.
Serenna Beers: What about your family life. Tell me about what it, what it was like grow growing up for you specifically were, were you adopted were were, were you raised by both mom and dad. Do you have any
Christy Lamkin: Brothers, my mom.
Serenna Beers: I have
Christy Lamkin: I'm the oldest of 10
Christy Lamkin: Okay, um, my parents divorced when I was three or four
Christy Lamkin: My dad.
Christy Lamkin: Side is the one that has all the kids, my dad's a little bit
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you. What was he absent from your life, their
Serenna Beers: Entire life. Okay.
Yes.
Christy Lamkin: I didn't meet him until I was
Christy Lamkin: I had my first daughter when I was 15 so
Christy Lamkin: 16 years old, I think.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: The oldest of 10. Hmm. Yep. So why. So what was it like in your home, growing up.
Christy Lamkin: Was just being my brother.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: So on my dad's side. My dad's a little woman Iser
Serenna Beers: Oh wow, okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, do you know of anyone else in your that was in your home life, your sisters and brothers that struggled with mental health or substance abuse.
Christy Lamkin: I think
Christy Lamkin: The second two youngest is a heroin addict and that's all I know. I don't know any of them.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about
Serenna Beers: Did you notice with, with whom you did live with or within yourself. Was there any other addictive TYPE OF BE BE BE behaviors like gambling or excessive working or sex addiction or shopping anything like like that. No. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Let's see. What about tell me, tell me what school was like for
Christy Lamkin: For for you. I was
Christy Lamkin: molested from the age of three to 11
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness. Okay. Do you know who your
Christy Lamkin: abuser was
Christy Lamkin: It was my mom's boyfriend.
Okay.
Christy Lamkin: But he's in prison. He molested, I think 40 some odd children.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah, but he's in prison for life.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness, how did that impact your relationship with with your, with your mom.
Christy Lamkin: Oh, I love my mom to death.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's good.
Serenna Beers: And I would imagine I'm kind of just trying to get a snapshot of when that came out what had happened.
Serenna Beers: While the preacher. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: You're raised in a very Christian school
Christy Lamkin: went to Catholic school all that
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Let's see. Tell me about school what was school like how far did you go, did you graduate. Was there any issues with learning disabilities at at all.
Christy Lamkin: Um, I have dyslexia, but I graduated
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Did was that ever did that interfere with you at at times were
Christy Lamkin: Were you in any sort of
Serenna Beers: Special Ed special education for it or anything. Oh.
Christy Lamkin: My mom wouldn't let me
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Were there any events that's that.
Serenna Beers: Stood out
Serenna Beers: Growing up like either in your neighborhood or with
Serenna Beers: family or friends.
Christy Lamkin: Not really.
Christy Lamkin: My mom's friend didn't like the number. She couldn't have three of things.
Christy Lamkin: I don't really
Christy Lamkin: I kind of like blocked out my life from a certain point, so I don't really know.
Serenna Beers: How come. Is it because of the abuse.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Have you ever saw any sort of
Serenna Beers: Have you ever saw any sort of
Serenna Beers: I guess.
Serenna Beers: Like counseling or anything.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah, my mom put me through counseling as soon as that happened.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And, and do you feel it's still bought, does it still BOTHER YOU. NOW, DO YOU HAVE EVER intrusive memories or anything like like that.
Christy Lamkin: Not just someone brings it up. Then I'll remember but
Serenna Beers: OK, let's see, did you ever serve in the military. No, no.
Serenna Beers: Well, oh yeah.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any financial or legal issues at all.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, you are concerned about
Christy Lamkin: No, I own my own house.
Serenna Beers: Let's see. Are you in a relationship.
Christy Lamkin: A
Christy Lamkin: Kinda
Christy Lamkin: I live with my
Christy Lamkin: Second husband, but we're divorced
Serenna Beers: You and your second one are
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any, do you have any kids.
Christy Lamkin: I have five girls.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: 10 grandchildren.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow. Nice.
Serenna Beers: So do you live alone then or
Christy Lamkin: No, I live with my second husband and my
Christy Lamkin: I live with my second husband three of my daughters live here.
Christy Lamkin: And their kids.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, let's see. I don't think I missed anything this assessment was pretty simple. Wasn't it
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Tell me three specific things that you hope to get out of being with us, obviously. Besides, we know we want to continue to manage manager pain but but is there anything that you'd like to maybe work on or anything.
Serenna Beers: Are you interested in additional counseling.
Christy Lamkin: Sometimes, you know,
Today,
Christy Lamkin: Sometimes I just want to get stuff off my chest and I can't really tell people here, you know,
Sir,
Serenna Beers: Do you think it would be beneficial. I mean, I don't know if you want to start with once every couple weeks or if you want to meet
Christy Lamkin: Once a week.
Serenna Beers: Once every couple of weeks.
Christy Lamkin: Most of my problem is I feel like I'm a burden to everybody here.
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay.
Serenna Beers: Why do you think that you feel that that way.
Christy Lamkin: I'm gonna cry. See
Serenna Beers: That's all right.
Serenna Beers: In order to heal you have to feel i i'm just gonna say that I live by that motto. You can't heal. If you don't feel the way you if you don't feel your feelings, then you're you aren't gonna get past it.
Christy Lamkin: Oh no, my kids have to do everything for me.
Christy Lamkin: Like a burden to my kids, you know, they're my caregivers, they do everything for me.
Christy Lamkin: To cook.
Christy Lamkin: They clean, they do everything.
Serenna Beers: Do they complain about it at all.
Christy Lamkin: No. Your give her to me.
Christy Lamkin: Though she don't complain about it.
Serenna Beers: So you think i mean i there. There's definitely a lot of work that we can do around that and basically it's just building your self worth, because it sounds to me. And this is just an observation from just these few words and just, you know,
Serenna Beers: Having to have somebody do things for you and feeling like a burden kind of goes hand in hand with the soul wound of
Serenna Beers: I am not lovable. I'm not worth loving and I would imagine you being Mom That's pretty much data there right right there. I'm
Christy Lamkin: Like, I can't. She can't have a light. She can't move out.
Christy Lamkin: And really have a family because she takes care be
Christy Lamkin: Her in her fiance live with me because it shows everything
Christy Lamkin: It's like she can't even move out and have a look at us. The only thing I feel bad about
Serenna Beers: Well, I would imagine, and and this is just the thought and maybe you might even ask her that
Serenna Beers: If you spend all i'm not saying that that you spend all all of your time feeling bad, and feeling a lot of guilt, but I would imagine you know the best gift that you could give back to her is instead of feeling, feeling bad about it and allowing it to
Serenna Beers: Create this feeling of sadness and guilt.
Serenna Beers: Maybe try to flip it and you know just honor her by being by being glad that she and I know that you're glad that that she is there but she'd probably rather see you feeling less guilty.
Serenna Beers: She probably rather see you feeling more happy that she's there and just, you know, your appreciation. I would imagine is probably good enough.
Serenna Beers: She understands
Your situation.
Serenna Beers: And I would imagine she's also there because she wants to be there.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Oh, look at the baby.
Hi there.
Christy Lamkin: I just feel guilty.
Christy Lamkin: Joining I feel guilty about
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: But you're talking about something, you have no control over. You didn't wake up and say, hey, I think I want to be sick and a cause myself to not be able to do anything and to need help.
Serenna Beers: Constantly. Mm hmm. That's like what I think I'd that I want for the rest of my life. You didn't choose this for yourself. Right.
Serenna Beers: Would be different if you did nothing but it looks like. I'll bet I'll bet you're a help to her to when you take your grandkids and you're holding them and you love them and you play with them. It probably gives her a nice little break. You know,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so you have to kind of look and way all of that out because as much as you feel like you're a burden.
Serenna Beers: I'll bet you're a blessing and a lot of ways.
Christy Lamkin: Yeah.
You know,
Serenna Beers: So I think where we need to start is working on that guilt and how we can work through that so that you can continue to enjoy your life, you know, you can have life outside of your disability and feeling like you're a burden because. Wouldn't you rather enjoy life being happy happy.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, instead of having this whole
Christy Lamkin: Last
Serenna Beers: Meeting there's anything from eat from eating to
Serenna Beers: Depression to anxiety mean all of those things that come when your emotions aren't regulated, you know,
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So I think that could be our first thing that we need to start on is building your self worth, so that you feel like you have meaning.
Serenna Beers: And purpose because even though you have this diagnosis and you deal with chronic pain. You can sit and have a full cognitive conversation with with me. I'm sure with your daughter.
Serenna Beers: I
Serenna Beers: Am sure that you can offer some assistance. You're sitting there with your grand daughter right right now. Right.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So you have that value. We just need to get you to see what that value is
Christy Lamkin: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: So over the next couple of weeks. And if for some reason you feel like you get in a crisis or you feel like, Gosh, I really need to talk to somebody
Serenna Beers: All you got to do is call the virtual clinic and say, I need to get a meeting with my therapist. She said that I could call and schedule and they will let me know and you and I can sit
Serenna Beers: Okay, that's what I am here for
Christy Lamkin: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: All right. So in between now and let me see, when two weeks is
Serenna Beers: In between now and the 16th. What I want you to do is think about three specific things that you love about yourself.
Serenna Beers: I'll bet you can come up with at least three
Serenna Beers: And our goal is going to be by the end of this all of this and we're done. Meeting eventually when this ends. I want you to have 10 things that you love about yourself that may seem impossible.
Serenna Beers: But I can speak from experience. There was a time in my life when I literally felt worthless. I didn't have one thing I loved about myself. I can tell you, probably 20 things I love about myself now. And that came from hard work.
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay. So I think the biggest thing for you, you know, because you have your pain management, you're working on that with your physician with me. We are we are going to work on all of those things that create a healthier mind, body and soul. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Okay, so what are you going to work on over the next couple of weeks. What, what have I asked you to do.
Christy Lamkin: You're gonna I'm gonna find three things I love about myself.
Serenna Beers: Yep. And then we're going to talk about those things. And we're going to build on those things. And with each time that we meet, we're going to add another to the list. And we want to get to 10
Serenna Beers: Ok ok I saw those eyes get big.
Serenna Beers: But I'm telling you.
Serenna Beers: It is doable. OK.
Christy Lamkin: OK. OK.
Serenna Beers: So you want to meet up the, the same time 10 o'clock.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay, so I'm going to call the virtual clinic or I'm gonna send them a message to get you on my schedule for the 16th at 10am
Christy Lamkin: Alrighty.
Serenna Beers: All right. OK, I will see you then.
Christy Lamkin: All right, you have a good day.
Serenna Beers: And you also do the same. Stay, stay, stay safe and well okay
Christy Lamkin: Oh yeah, we don't really leave the house.
Good.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christy Lamkin: All right. Bye bye.